README.md, before:

# Weather Data
This repo contains weather data collected by a weather station built located in Strasbourg, France by myself and a friend for a class project.

## Data
The data was (and still is) collected every 10 minutes between approximately 8 am and 6 pm, sometimes earlier or later. It started on February 22<sup>th</sup>.

Every point contains 6 measurements along with a Unix timestamp. Those measurements are :
- temperature in °C,
- humidity in %,
- air pressure in hPa,
- wind speed in km/h,
- wind direction (see below for format),
- battery voltage in V.

It is presented in two formats : JSON and CSV. The JSON structure is the following :
- `units` : dictionary of measurements name and units,
- `wind_direction_dic` : dictionary of wind direction value and real direction,
- `values` : list of data point
  - [
  	- `timestamp` : int,
  	- `temperature` : float,
  	- `humidity` : int,
  	- `pressure` : float,
  	- `wind_speed` : float,
  	- `wind_direction` : int,
  	- `battery_voltage` : float,  	
  - ]
  - ...

On the 8<sup>th</sup> of April, the set contains 2972 data points.

## Usage
You are free to use this data to do whatever you want, as long as you credit this repo. No guarantee is provided about the exactitude of the data.

Commit message:

Two CSV files for different formatting

README.md, after:

# Weather Data
This repo contains weather data collected by a weather station built located in Strasbourg, France by myself and a friend for a class project.

## Data
The data was (and still is) collected every 10 minutes between approximately 8 am and 6 pm, sometimes earlier or later. It started on February 22<sup>th</sup>.

Every point contains 6 measurements along with a Unix timestamp. Those measurements are :
- temperature in °C,
- humidity in %,
- air pressure in hPa,
- wind speed in km/h,
- wind direction (see below for format),
- battery voltage in V.

The data is available in two formats : JSON and CSV.

### JSON
The JSON structure is the following :
- `units` : dictionary of measurements name and units,
- `wind_direction_dic` : dictionary of wind direction value and real direction,
- `values` : list of data point
  - [
  	- `timestamp` : int,
  	- `temperature` : float,
  	- `humidity` : int,
  	- `pressure` : float,
  	- `wind_speed` : float,
  	- `wind_direction` : int,
  	- `battery_voltage` : float,  	
  - ]
  - ...

### CSV
There are 2 CSV files :
- `data_comma_period.csv` : values are comma-separated, and periods (`.`) are used as decimal separator,
- `data_semicolon_comma.csv` : values are semicolon-separated, and commas (`,`) are used as decimal separator.

On the 8<sup>th</sup> of April, the set contains 2972 data points.

## Usage
You are free to use this data to do whatever you want, as long as you credit this repo. No guarantee is provided about the exactitude of the data.
